this laptop has incredible battery life
it's an Intel chip but it lasts longer
than a Macbook it lasts longer than an
arm-based laptop is literally has the
longest battery life I've ever tested on
a laptop even compared against the
current battery Kings now the chip
that's in here is Intel's new lunar Lake
chip it's an awesome new chip but this
device has been tuned specifically by
Lenovo and Intel to deliver something
next level so this is the new yoga slim
7i AA Edition now the aura Edition is a
new product category from Lenovo that's
like the highest tier product that they
offer they've just spent a little more
engineering time on the hardware the
software and the customer support to
deliver something that's just a little
more special so this device is a super
light 15in device it's lighter than a
MacBook Air it's not as thin as the
MacBooks but you do get more ports you
get uh a usba a on the right side and
you also get on the left side one HDMI
as well as the two Thunderbolt 4 ports
and an audio jack now the screen uses
one of their pight Pro panels this one's
running a 15-in LCD I believe there are
olet options available but even this
base screen looks awesome it's 120 HZ
very color accurate it's got pretty much
Perfect Color gamut out of the box and
everything looks good on it if you're
working with media files playing games
or just watching shows everything looks
good on the screen now the star of the
show with this product is the chip and
it's running the new Intel Core Ultra 7
258 V now at the time of shooting this
and this is also an engineering sample
so keep that in mind but the time of
shooting this I don't know how much of
this chip I'm supposed to be talking
about because it hasn't been publicly
announced yet but these are the
first-party benchmarks that Intel has
shown their emphasis is on single core
performance now I'm not supposed to
Benchmark this unit but I can
comfortably say that their numbers are
in fact legit but when you take a look
at the Energy Efficiency of this chip
particularly on this device with that
aura Edition tuning it's pretty nuts
this device uses around half the energy
compared to an Intel device from not
even 2 years ago and then the graphics
that's in here is also very interesting
so this is now running the new Intel Ark
140v and their first party benchmarks
look very impressive my testing on this
unit despite it being a weaker chip
lines up very closely but the one thing
that's super impressive is the Energy
Efficiency of the system like the total
system package runs so CPU GPU and the
system Ram all of it 30 WTS or less like
that just does not make sense for an in
system to get that kind of performance
with this little heat and this little
fan noise is crazy so the fan noise
right when I set this thing up like when
I get a new laptop in and I'm installing
everything I'm putting all the new games
on all the benchmarking stuff all the
creative software that stuff turns on
the fan but this system was so quiet it
didn't even feel like a Windows laptop
certainly not an Intel Windows laptop
because it's just never been the way it
was even the meteor Lake chip from a
year ago even though that was a big jump
up from the previous generation this is
is just a whole another level it's so
quiet now if you take a look at the
inside you see you're two pretty big but
quiet fans but if you look at this PCB
it's interesting in the sense that it
looks denser than normal like there's
just more components on it than your
average laptop PCB and it's because this
is a single-sided PCB they've stuck all
of the components on the side that we're
looking at on the back side of this
thing it's supposedly empty and it's
because it allows all the thermal
components or all the thermally
generating components to be on this side
so that if they're trying to cool it
it's just a more optimized thermal
design but because it's a single-sided
PCB you don't have as much real estate
to work with you now have to use a short
nvme drive instead of like the full
length but it is replaceable the Wi-Fi 7
card though is baked on you can't swap
that out and you also have a 70w hour
battery as well as your four speakers
and these sound good at this point I
think lenovo's figured out how to do the
audio properly on their devices took
them like 10 years but they're finally
there uh okay the keyboard it's 1.5 mm
travel and just out of the box I typing
super fast on it I think Lenovo makes
some of the best keyboards in this
laptop space the thing that's
interesting or new about this one is
that there's a texture to the surface
like each key has this it's like a silky
soft touch finish it's not rubbery it's
this Ultra smooth almost like an etched
surface texture to it I really like it
now out of the box it looks and feels
wonderful but I do wonder how this will
age because there is a texture on this
key now and you know how old key caps
kind of wear down and they get shiny and
maybe it'll wear poorly but we'll have
to see in like five or six years now the
battery life on this device is the extra
special part so like I said longest
lasting device I've ever tested I
actually have to rerun some of these
just to be sure but the Netflix watch
time on this thing is incredible it does
use an IPS panel but the Energy
Efficiency is even better than the new
Snapdragon chip now part of that Energy
Efficiency comes from Intel's lunar Lake
chip itself another part of it though
comes from lenovo's AI Core they have a
chip in here that's designed to adjust
the power usage depending on what you're
doing automatically so if you're in
Netflix or taking a web call or
something it'll tweak your power draw
now the AA Edition laptops also get a
few software features that are unique to
them so the first you get smart modes
you can control your power settings with
just one tap there's other tools in
there to help with battery life but
those are more complicated to use now
the other feature that comes with aura
Edition devices is a neat thing called
Smart Share so all it takes is just you
can use any phone for this you can tap
the side of your device and you can send
photos from your iPhone or Android
whatever you have to your laptop it uses
Intel Unison and it allows you to share
files and photos from your phone
directly to your device it's pretty cool
uh the other thing that or Edition
devices get is customer support so you
can do video calls with their texts and
Engineers you can even get next day
on-site service to swap out parts or
whatnot um now there's a few things I
dislike about this product and just I
would say the aura additions so far the
first is remember keep in mind the aura
Edition branding is around like a
premium experience right out of the box
this thing had maffi installed now I
think in 2024 no one needs maffi the
antivirus software I think that thing is
awful but to see that piece of software
exist on a premium product like this I
think I really think that thing should
be removed the other thing number two is
I think the design of this product is
it's so it's not special like if this is
supposed to be your super product Ultra
Premium it should look and feel like
that right this should have a different
design language this should have like I
don't know I don't design laptops I'm
not taking it should have like erasing
stripes and stuff but it should have a
different aesthetic that immediately
looks and feels like a premium product
out of the gate and this looks like just
every other Lenovo Yoga product it's a
nice design but it's just it's the same
uh the third thing is also this hinge so
it is not a one-hand openable hinge now
I don't think this is like the end all
and be all of product you know product
Hardware but I think perfectly designed
Hardware should should be part of a
really high-end experience and this is
you need either to Jiggle It open or you
need to two-hand it and I bring this up
because Lenovo has multiple products
that are oneand openable with a very
similar hinge design why is this one not
like this maybe it's the engineering
sample I don't know but from what I've
seen is actually meant to be like this
like a stiff hinge maybe that's
something that they can fix before
launch I don't know uh but there you
have it this is the Lenovo Yoga slim 7i
Aura Edition I think there's a lot of
cool stuff that comes with it
particularly that like the hardware
tuning that's actually very unique in
the laptop space okay hope you guys
enjoyed this video